Random guitar pedal board designs for 1590A enclosures

These are probably entirely non-functional, but having done guitar pedal
board kit builds, I decided I should try to make something from scratch. 

And I'm not soldering wires together like some kind of animal - thus
PCBs designed in KiCad. 

I've never done analog circuits in my life.  But hey, I also don't play
guitar, so when it doesn't work, it doesn't really matter. 

There are six "base boards": they all do the same thing in slightly
different ways: they do dual power rails, the input and output audio
jacks, initial buffering of the signal, and the 3PDT stomp switch. 

The base boards connect to a separate "effects board" using pin headers,
which is responsible for doign anything. 

The base boards are supposed to be interchangeable, and only differ in
the power rail generation:

 - A traditional LT1054 charge pump and voltage doubler, turning the
   single 9V rail into +-15V dual rails

 - A LT1945 version: +-15V using slightly more modern chips

 - A LM27762 version: +-4.2V rails because 9V is dying

 - And two USB-C-powered versions because guitar pedal power supplies
   are nasty. One LT1054, one LM27762.

and then the "effects" boards can do whatever they want, including add
extra input or output jacks.  Obviously the power rail details (in
voltage, but also available power) migth limit them. 

The effects boards are random "Linus is testing things he doesn't know
anything about". 

There's a traditional boost pedal with the traditional switch for
clipping diodes.  I think there's a law that you have to do an overdrive
pedal with distortion. 

There's a Baxandall tone control with volume knob.

There's a "splitter-with-headphone-amplifier" that splits the incoming
signal and you can use the second output either for headphones or for a
second audio path. 

And there's a "joiner" that takes two inputs and adds them together.

NOTE! There is also a VGND base board.  It takes the traditional 9V
guitar pedal power and creates a virtual ground at 4.5V using a TLE2426
rail splitter. 

That one is different in how the effects board ground is not the same as
the external signal ground, and that means that you have to be a bit
careful with any externally grounded things.  Notably any extra audio
jacks. 

The "joiner" board tries to do that as a test.  But the splitter board
does not: I am intentionally driving the second jack directly from the
634A buffer chip, so it's all ground-referenced.  And if you _only_
connect headphones and no audio cables with external grounds it might
still work. 

If it works at all.

I honestly don't know what I'm doing, I'm learning as I go. 

NONE OF THIS IS TESTED.  So it probably doesn't work. 

Some pieces of this - not all - have been tested in isolation.  An
earlier simpler version of the headphone amplifier thing actually did
work as a headphone amplifier. 

And that's just the *electrical* problems.

Equally importantly: does the mechanical side work and will it actually
fit in a 1590A enclosure?

Barely. 
 
The boards are 1.6mm thick, and 12mm apart (to fit the audio jacks
sandwiched in between them), and with 10mm potentiometers on top, and
roughly 1.5mm of surface-mount components and through-hole pins under
the bottom board (mainly 3DPT switch - any other pins can be flush-cut),
you end up with a stack just under 27mm. 

The inside height of the 1590A is documented to be 27.4mm.  Not a lot of
wiggle room.  I'd like to find lower-profile pots, because somewhat
annoyingly there's literally 3mm of precious unused space beneath the
9mm alpha pots.  So the bodies of the pots are actually physically just
7mm high, but then the standard height is apparently 10mm off the board. 

Unlike most enclosure builds, you also can not just drill 9.5mm holes in
the sides for the audio jacks - you need to drill the sides all the way
down so you can slide the board into the enclosure.

So not only do the boards probably not work electrically, it's all very
dodgy indeed from a mechanical standpoint too.  I've been told that I'm
crazy for not doing a 125B enclosure.  But 1590A is just too cute. 
